c:\Users\Eric\Documents\GameCodeur\2em partie\TueTete\bin\Debug\net8.0\TueTete.exe
c:\Users\Eric\Documents\GameCodeur\2em partie\TueTete\bin\Debug\net8.0\TueTete.deps.json
c:\Users\Eric\Documents\GameCodeur\2em partie\TueTete\bin\Debug\net8.0\TueTete.runtimeconfig.json
c:\Users\Eric\Documents\GameCodeur\2em partie\TueTete\bin\Debug\net8.0\TueTete.dll
c:\Users\Eric\Documents\GameCodeur\2em partie\TueTete\bin\Debug\net8.0\TueTete.pdb
c:\Users\Eric\Documents\GameCodeur\2em partie\TueTete\bin\Debug\net8.0\Raylib-cs.dll
c:\Users\Eric\Documents\GameCodeur\2em partie\TueTete\bin\Debug\net8.0\runtimes\linux-x64\native\libraylib.so
c:\Users\Eric\Documents\GameCodeur\2em partie\TueTete\bin\Debug\net8.0\runtimes\osx-arm64\native\libraylib.dylib
c:\Users\Eric\Documents\GameCodeur\2em partie\TueTete\bin\Debug\net8.0\runtimes\osx-x64\native\libraylib.dylib
c:\Users\Eric\Documents\GameCodeur\2em partie\TueTete\bin\Debug\net8.0\runtimes\win-x64\native\raylib.dll
c:\Users\Eric\Documents\GameCodeur\2em partie\TueTete\bin\Debug\net8.0\runtimes\win-x86\native\raylib.dll
c:\Users\Eric\Documents\GameCodeur\2em partie\TueTete\obj\Debug\net8.0\TueTete.csproj.AssemblyReference.cache
c:\Users\Eric\Documents\GameCodeur\2em partie\TueTete\obj\Debug\net8.0\TueTete.GeneratedMSBuildEditorConfig.editorconfig
c:\Users\Eric\Documents\GameCodeur\2em partie\TueTete\obj\Debug\net8.0\TueTete.AssemblyInfoInputs.cache
c:\Users\Eric\Documents\GameCodeur\2em partie\TueTete\obj\Debug\net8.0\TueTete.AssemblyInfo.cs
c:\Users\Eric\Documents\GameCodeur\2em partie\TueTete\obj\Debug\net8.0\TueTete.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
c:\Users\Eric\Documents\GameCodeur\2em partie\TueTete\obj\Debug\net8.0\TueTete.csproj.Up2Date
c:\Users\Eric\Documents\GameCodeur\2em partie\TueTete\obj\Debug\net8.0\TueTete.dll
c:\Users\Eric\Documents\GameCodeur\2em partie\TueTete\obj\Debug\net8.0\refint\TueTete.dll
c:\Users\Eric\Documents\GameCodeur\2em partie\TueTete\obj\Debug\net8.0\TueTete.pdb
c:\Users\Eric\Documents\GameCodeur\2em partie\TueTete\obj\Debug\net8.0\TueTete.genruntimeconfig.cache
c:\Users\Eric\Documents\GameCodeur\2em partie\TueTete\obj\Debug\net8.0\ref\TueTete.dll
c:\Users\Eric\Documents\GameCodeur\2em partie\TueTete\bin\Debug\net8.0\map.json
c:\Users\Eric\Documents\GameCodeur\2em partie\TueTete\obj\Debug\net8.0\TueTete.sourcelink.json
